# Migrating from 0.3.XX to 1.0.0

## Camera2D

### Camera2D.new

{Camera2D#initialize} now takes in keyword arguments and provides sane defaults.
So if you have a {Camera2D} initialized like this.

```ruby
camera = Camera2D.new(Vector2.new(0, 0), Vector2.new(0, 0), 0, 1)
```

You can now just do this.

```ruby
camera = Camera2D.new
```

But if you need to specify just one of the arguments, you can now easily do so
like this.

```ruby
camera = Camera2D.new(target: Vector2[400, 240])
```

### Camera2D.drawing

`Camera2D#drawing` has now been renamed {Camera2D#draw}, so this.

```ruby
camera = Camera2D.new(Vector2.new(0, 0), Vector2.new(0, 0), 0, 1)

camera.drawing {
  Rectangle.new(10, 10, 50, 50).draw(colour: RED)
}
```

Is now this.

```ruby
camera = Camera2D.new

camera.draw {
  Rectangle.new(10, 10, 50, 50).draw(colour: RED)
}
```

## Colour

### Colour.new

You now need to specify keyword arguments. So instead of calling:
```ruby
colour = Colour.new(128, 128, 0, 255)
```

You should now call:
```ruby
colour = Colour.new(red: 128, blue: 128, green: 0, alpha: 255)
```

Or you could call it this way:
```ruby
colour = Colour[128, 128, 0]
```

### Constants

All the {Colour} constants have been namespaced. So instead of these
```ruby
LIGHTGRAY
GRAY
DARKGRAY
YELLOW
GOLD
ORANGE
PINK
RED
MAROON
GREEN
LIME
DARKGREEN
SKYBLUE
BLUE
DARKBLUE
PURPLE
VIOLET
DARKPURPLE
BEIGE
BROWN
DARKBROWN
WHITE
BLACK
BLANK
MAGENTA
RAYWHITE
```

You should now call these
```ruby
Colour::LIGHTGRAY
Colour::GRAY
Colour::DARKGRAY
Colour::YELLOW
Colour::GOLD
Colour::ORANGE
Colour::PINK
Colour::RED
Colour::MAROON
Colour::GREEN
Colour::LIME
Colour::DARKGREEN
Colour::SKYBLUE
Colour::BLUE
Colour::DARKBLUE
Colour::PURPLE
Colour::VIOLET
Colour::DARKPURPLE
Colour::BEIGE
Colour::BROWN
Colour::DARKBROWN
Colour::WHITE
Colour::BLACK
Colour::BLANK
Colour::MAGENTA
Colour::RAYWHITE
```

## Image

### Image.load

This has been replaced by {Image#initialize}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.load("./assets/image.png")
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.new("./assets/image.png")
```

### Image.generate

The default colour is now {Colour::BLANK}.

instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.generate(width: 16, height: 8)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.generate(width: 16, height: 8, colour: Colour::RAYWHITE)
```

### Image#resize!

The keyword argument `scaling` has now become `scaler`. The error message has
also been changed but is still an `ArgumentError`.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.load("./assets/image.png")
image.resize!(width: 1920, height: 1080, scaling: :bicubic)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.new("./assets/image.png")
image.resize!(width: 1920, height: 1080, scaler: :bicubic)
```

### Image#crop!

This has been changed to take a keyword argument instead.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.load("./assets/spritesheet.png")
image.resize!(Rectangle.new(0, 0, 8, 8))
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.new("./assets/spritesheet.png")
image.resize!(source: Rectangle[0, 0, 8, 8])
```

### Image#alpha_mask=

This has been replaced by {Image#alpha_mask!}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
mask = Image.load("./assets/sprite_mask.png")
image.alpha_mask = mask
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
mask = Image.new("./assets/sprite_mask.png")
image.alpha_mask!(mask)
```

### Image#flip_vertical!

This has been replaced by {Image#flip_vertically!}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
image.flip_vertical!
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
image.flip_vertically!
```

### Image#flip_horizontal!

This has been replaced by {Image#flip_horizontally!}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
image = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
image.flip_horizontal!
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
image = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
image.flip_horizontally!
```

### Image#rotate!

This has been replaced by {Image#rotate_clockwise!} and
{Image#rotate_counter_clockwise!}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
sprite = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
copy = sprite.copy
sprite.rotate!(:cw)
copy.rotate!(:ccw)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
sprite = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
copy = sprite.copy
sprite.rotate_clockwise!
copy.rotate_counter_clockwise!
```

### Image#tint!

This now takes a keyword argument of `colour`.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
sprite = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
sprite.tint!(GREEN)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
sprite = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
sprite.tint!(colour: GREEN)
```

### Image#grayscale!

This has been renamed to {Image#greyscale!}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
sprite = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
sprite.grayscale!
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
sprite = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
sprite.greyscale!
```

### Image#replace!

This method now takes keyword arguments.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
sprite = Image.load("./assets/sprite.png")
sprite.replace!(GREEN, BLUE)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
sprite = Image.new("./assets/sprite.png")
sprite.replace!(from: Colour::GREEN, to: Colour::BLUE)
```

## Shader

### Shader#get_uniform_location

This has been removed in favour of {Shader.location_of}

### Shader#set_value

This has been removed in favour of {Shader.set}

### Shader#set_values

This has been removed in favour of {Shader.set}

## Vector2

### Vector2.new

You are now able to create new {Vector2} records with `[]`.

```ruby
puts Vector2.new(1, 2) == Vector2[1, 2]
# => true
```

## Font

### Font#load

This has been replaced by {Font#initialize}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
font = Font.load("./assets/my_font.ttf", size: 16)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
font = Font.new("./assets/my_font.ttf", size: 16)
```

### Font#base_size

This has been renamed to `size`.

```ruby
font = Font.new("./assets/my_font.ttf", size: 16)

puts font.size
# => 16
```

### Font#to_h

The `base_size` key has been renamed to `size`.

```ruby
font = Font.new("./assets/my_font.ttf", size: 16)

p font.to_h
# => {
#      :size=>16,
#      :glyph_count=>95,
#      :glyph_padding=>4,
#      :texture=>{
#        :id=>3.0,
#        :width=>512.0,
#        :height=>512.0,
#        :mipmaps=>1.0,
#        :format=>2.0
#      }
#    }
```

### Font#draw

When drawing a font to the screen, you now no longer need to specify a {Vector2}
yourself, you can just pass `x` and `y` like this.
```ruby
font.draw("hello", x: 16, y: 42)
```

But passing `position` is still supported, so this still works.
```ruby
font.draw("hello", position: Vector2.new(16, 42))
```

### Font#to_image

The `padding` argument is now `spacing` to be more consistent and more
accurately represent what it does.
```ruby
font.to_image("hello", padding: 3)
```

becomes:
```ruby
font.to_image("hello", spacing: 3)
```

## Music

### Music.load

This has been replaced by {Music#initialize}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
font = Music.load("./assets/music.ogg")
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
font = Music.new("./assets/music.ogg")
```

### Music#context_type=

This has been removed as I don't see a need to update the underlying C struct
information.

### Music#frame_count=

This has been removed as I don't see a need to update the underlying C struct
information.

## Rectangle

### Rectangle.new

{Rectangle#initialize} now takes in keyword arguments and has the variables
required to draw it. So if you have a {Rectangle} initialized like this.

```ruby
rectangle = Rectangle.new(0, 0, 16, 16)
```

You can now just do this.

```ruby
rectangle = Rectangle.new(x: 0, y: 0, width: 16, height: 16, Colour::RED)
```

### Rectangle#draw

{Rectangle#draw} doesn't take any arguments as the {Rectangle} contains all the
information it needs.

## Sound

### Sound.load

This has been replaced by {Sound#initialize}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
font = Sound.load("./assets/music.wav")
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
font = Sound.new("./assets/music.wav")
```

### Sound#frame_count=

This has been removed as I don't see a need to update the underlying C struct
information.

## Texture2D

### Texture2D.load

This has been replaced by {Texture2D#initialize}.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
texture = Texture2D.load("./assets/image.png")
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
texture = Texture2D.new("./assets/image.png")
```

### Texture2D#id=

This has been deprecated.

### Texture2D#width=

This has been deprecated.

### Texture2D#height=

This has been deprecated.

### Texture2D#mipmaps=

This has been deprecated.

### Texture2D#format=

This has been deprecated.

### Texture2D#draw

The `origin` argument now defaults to the centre of the `destination`.

## RenderTexture

### RenderTexture#initialize

This now takes keyword arguments.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
texture = RenderTexture.new(100, 100)
```

you should instead call:
```ruby
texture = RenderTexture.new(width: 100, height: 100)
```

### RenderTexture#to_h

Now no longer returns information about the {Texture2D}.

### RenderTexture#drawing

This has been removed in favour of {RenderTexture#draw}

## Top Level Namespace

### #load_font

This has been removed in favour of {Font#initialize}.

### #unload_font

This has been removed in favour of {Font#unload}.

### #draw_text

This has been removed in favour of {Font#draw}.

### #draw_text_ex

This has been removed in favour of {Font#draw}.

### #measure_text_ex

This has been removed in favour of {Font#measure}.

### #image_text_ex

This has been removed in favour of {Font#to_image}.

### #begin_mode2D

This has been removed in favour of {Camera2D#draw}.

### #end_mode2D

This has been removed in favour of {Camera2D#draw}.

### #get_world_to_screen2D

This has been removed in favour of {Camera2D#as_in_viewport}

### #get_screen_to_world2D

This has been removed in favour of {Camera2D#as_in_world}

### #load_image

This has been removed in favour of {Image#initialize}

### #unload_image

This has been removed in favour of {Image#unload}

### #export_image

This has been removed in favour of {Image#export}

### #image_copy

This has been removed in favour of {Image#copy}

### #image_from_image

This has been removed in favour of {Image#copy} with `source` specified

### #image_text_ex

This has been removed in favour of {Font#to_image}

### #generate_image_colour

This has been removed in favour of {Image.generate}

### #image_resize!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#resize!}

### #image_resize_nearest_neighbour!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#resize!}

### #image_crop!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#crop!}

### #image_flip_vertical!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#flip_vertically!}

### #image_flip_horizontal!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#flip_horizontally!}

### #image_rotate_cw!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#rotate_clockwise!}

### #image_rotate_ccw!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#rotate_counter_clockwise!}

### #load_texture_from_image

This has been removed in favour of {Image#to_texture}

### #image_alpha_premultiply

This has been removed in favour of {Image#premultiply_alpha!}

### #image_mipmaps!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#generate_mipmaps!}

### #image_colour_tint!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#tint!}

### #image_colour_invert!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#invert!}

### #image_colour_grayscale!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#greyscale!}

### #image_colour_contrast!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#contrast!}

### #image_colour_brightness!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#brightness!}

### #image_colour_replace!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#replace!}

### #image_draw!

This has been removed in favour of {Image#draw!}

### #init_audio_device

This has been removed in favour of {Audio.open}

### #close_audio_device

This has been removed in favour of {Audio.close}

### #audio_device_ready

This has been removed in favour of {Audio.ready?}

### #set_master_volume

This has been removed in favour of {Audio.volume=} and now takes a volume
between 0 and 100.

Instead of calling:
```ruby
init_audio_device
set_master_volume(0.7)
close_audio_device
```

You should instead call:
```ruby
Audio.open
Audio.volume = 70
Audio.close
```

### #load_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#initialize}.

### #unload_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#unload}.

### #play_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#play}.

### #music_playing?

This has been removed in favour of {Music#playing?}.

### #stop_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#stop}.

### #get_music_time_played

This has been removed in favour of {Music#played}.

### #update_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#update}.

### #pause_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#pause}.

### #resume_music_stream

This has been removed in favour of {Music#resume}.

### #get_music_time_length

This has been removed in favour of {Music#length}.

### #set_music_volume

This has been removed in favour of {Music#volume=}.

### #set_music_pitch

This has been removed in favour of {Music#pitch=}.

### #load_sound

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#initialize}.

### #unload_sound

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#unload}.

### #play_sound

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#play}.

### #stop_sound

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#stop}.

### #pause_sound

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#pause}.

### #resume_sound

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#resume}.

### #sound_playing?

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#playing?}.

### #set_sound_volume

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#volume=}.

### #set_sound_pitch

This has been removed in favour of {Sound#pitch=}.

### #show_cursor

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.show}.

### #hide_cursor

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.hide}.

### #cursor_hidden?

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.hidden?}.

### #enable

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.enable}.

### #disable_cursor

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.disable}.

### #cursor_on_screen?

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.on_screen?}.

### #mouse_button_pressed?

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.pressed?}.

### #mouse_button_down?

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.down?}.

### #mouse_button_released?

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.released?}.

### #mouse_button_up?

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.up?}.

### #get_mouse_x

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.position}.x.

### #get_mouse_y

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.position}.y.

### #get_mouse_position

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.position}.

### #set_mouse_position

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.position=}.

### #set_mouse_offset

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.offset=}.

### #set_mouse_scale

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.scale=}.

### #get_mouse_wheel_move

This has been removed in favour of {Mouse.wheel_moved}, you will need to use
`Mouse.wheel_moved.y`.

### #set_mouse_cursor

This has been removed in favour of {Cursor.icon=}.

### #key_pressed?

This has been removed in favour of {Key.pressed?}.

### #key_released?

This has been removed in favour of {Key.released?}.

### #key_down?

This has been removed in favour of {Key.down?}.

### #key_up?

This has been removed in favour of {Key.up?}.

### #get_key_pressed

This has been removed in favour of {Key.pressed}.

### #get_char_pressed

This has been removed in favour of {Key.pressed_character}. If you still need this as
an integer you can call `Key.pressed_character.bytes.first`.

### #init_window

This has been removed in favour of {Window.open}.

### #get_screen_width

This has been removed in favour of {Window.width}.

### #get_screen_height

This has been removed in favour of {Window.height}.

### #window_should_close?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.close?}.

### #window_close

This has been removed in favour of {Window.close}.

### #window_ready

This has been removed in favour of {Window.ready?}.

### #window_state?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.flag?}

### #set_window_state

This has been removed in favour of {Window.flags=}

### #set_config_flags

This has been removed in favour of {Window.config=}

### #window_fullscreen?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.fullscreen?}

### #window_minimised?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.minimised?}

### #window_maximised?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.maximised?}

### #window_focused?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.focused?}

### #window_hidden?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.hidden?}

### #clear_window_state

This has been removed in favour of {Window.clear_flag}

### #set_exit_key

This has been removed in favour of {Window.exit_key=}

### #window_resized?

This has been removed in favour of {Window.resized?}

### #toggle_fullscreen

This has been removed in favour of {Window.toggle_fullscreen}

### #maximise_window

This has been removed in favour of {Window.maximise}

### #minimise_window

This has been removed in favour of {Window.minimise}

### #restore_window

This has been removed in favour of {Window.restore}

### #set_window_icon

This has been removed in favour of {Window.icon=}

### #set_window_title

This has been removed in favour of {Window.title=}

### #get_window_position

This has been removed in favour of {Window.position}

### #set_window_position

This has been removed in favour of {Window.position=}, it also now takes a
{Vector2} instead of `x` and `y` as integers.

```ruby
set_window_position(x, y)
```

Now becomes

```ruby
Window.position = Vector2[x, y]
```

Although it's probably better to refactor your code to persist a {Vector2}
instead of `x` and `y` as variables

### #set_window_min_size

This has been removed in favour of {Window.minimum_resolution=}, it also now takes a
{Vector2} instead of `x` and `y` as integers.

```ruby
set_window_min_size(x, y)
```

Now becomes

```ruby
Window.minimum_resolution = Vector2[x, y]
```

Although it's probably better to refactor your code to persist a {Vector2}
instead of `x` and `y` as variables

### #set_window_size

This has been removed in favour of {Window.resolution=}, it also now takes a
{Vector2} instead of `width` and `height` as integers.

```ruby
set_window_min_size(width, height)
```

Now becomes

```ruby
Window.minimum_resolution = Vector2[width, height]
```

Although it's probably better to refactor your code to persist a {Vector2}
instead of `width` and `height` as variables

### #get_screen_data

This has been removed in favour of {Window.to_image}

### #android?

This has been removed in favour of {Taylor::Platform.android?}

### #browser?

This has been removed in favour of {Taylor::Platform.browser?}

### #linux?

This has been removed in favour of {Taylor::Platform.linux?}

### #osx?

This has been removed in favour of {Taylor::Platform.osx?}

### #windows?

This has been removed in favour of {Taylor::Platform.windows?}

### #released?

This has been removed in favour of {Taylor.released?}

### #get_touch_position

This has been removed in favour of {Touch.position_for}

### #load_texture

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D.initialize}

### #unload_texture

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D#unload}

### TEXTURE_FILTER_POINT

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D::NO_FILTER}

### TEXTURE_FILTER_BILINEAR

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D::BILINEAR}

### TEXTURE_FILTER_TRILINEAR

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D::TRILINEAR}

### TEXTURE_FILTER_ANISOTROPIC_4X

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D::ANISOTROPIC_4X}

### TEXTURE_FILTER_ANISOTROPIC_8X

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D::ANISOTROPIC_8X}

### TEXTURE_FILTER_ANISOTROPIC_16X

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D::ANISOTROPIC_16X}

### #set_texture_filter

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D#filter=}

### #generate_texture_mipmaps

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D#generate_mipmaps}

### #fade

This has been removed in favour of {Colour#fade}

### #draw_texture_pro

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D#draw}

### #draw_texture

This has been removed in favour of {Texture2D#draw}

### #get_monitor_count

This has been removed in favour of {Monitor.count}

### #get_current_monitor

This has been removed in favour of {Monitor.current}

### #get_monitor_position

This has been removed in favour of {Monitor#position}

### #get_monitor_width

This has been removed in favour of {Monitor#width}

### #get_monitor_height

This has been removed in favour of {Monitor#height}

### #get_monitor_refresh_rate

This has been removed in favour of {Monitor#refresh_rate}

### #draw_circle

This has been removed in favour of {Circle#draw}

### #draw_circle_v

This has been removed in favour of {Circle#draw}

### #draw_circle_sector

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_circle_sector_lines

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_circle_gradient

This has been removed in favour of {Circle#draw}

### #draw_circle_lines

This has been removed in favour of {Circle#draw}

### #draw_line

This has been removed in favour of {Line#draw}

### #draw_line_v

This has been removed in favour of {Line#draw}

### #draw_line_ex

This has been removed in favour of {Line#draw}

### #draw_line_bezier

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_line_bezier_quad

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_line_strip

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_pixel

This has been removed in favour of {Vector2#draw}

### #draw_pixel_v

This has been removed in favour of {Vector2#draw}

### #draw_rectangle

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#draw}

### #draw_rectangle_rec

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#draw}

### #draw_rectangle_pro

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_rectangle_gradient_v

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_rectangle_gradient_h

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_rectangle_gradient_ex

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_rectangle_lines

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#draw}

### #draw_rectangle_lines_ex

This has been deprecated completely

### #draw_rectangle_rounded

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#draw}

### #draw_rectangle_rounded_lines

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#draw}

### #check_collision_point_rec

This has been deprecated completely

### #set_window_monitor

This has been removed in favour of {Window#monitor=}

### #get_window_scale_dpi

This has been removed in favour of {Window#scale}

### #gamepad_available?

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#available?}

### #get_gamepad_name

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#name}

### #gamepad_button_pressed?

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#pressed?}

### #gamepad_button_released?

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#released?}

### #gamepad_button_down?

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#down?}

### #gamepad_button_up?

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#up?}

### #get_gamepad_button_pressed

This has been deprecated completely

### #get_gamepad_axis_count

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#axis_count}

### #get_gamepad_axis_movement

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad#axis}

### #set_gamepad_mappings

This has been removed in favour of {Gamepad.add_mappings}

### #set_gestures_enabled

This has been removed in favour of {Gesture.enabled=}

### #get_gesture_detected

This has been removed in favour of {Gesture.detected}

### #files_dropped?

This has been removed in favour of {DroppedFiles.any?}

### #get_dropped_files

This has been removed in favour of {DroppedFiles.all}

### #load_shader

This has been removed in favour of {Shader#initialize}

### #unload_shader

This has been removed in favour of {Shader#unload}

### #shader_ready?

This has been removed in favour of {Shader#ready?}

### #load_shaders_from_string

This has been removed in favour of {Shader.load_code}

### #get_shader_location

This has been removed in favour of {Shader.location_of}

### #set_shader_values

This has been removed in favour of {Shader.set}

### #begin_drawing

This has been removed in favour of {Window.draw} or {Window.begin_drawing}

### #end_drawing

This has been removed in favour of {Window.draw} or {Window.end_drawing}

### #drawing

This has been removed in favour of {Window.draw}

### #clear_background

This has been removed in favour of {Window.clear}

### #clear

This has been removed in favour of {Window.clear}

The default {Colour} has switched from {Colour::RAYWHITE} to {Colour::BLACK}

### #begin_scissor_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#begin_scissoring}

### #end_scissor_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#end_scissoring}

### #scissor_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Rectangle#scissor}

### #begin_texture_mode

This has been removed in favour of {RenderTexture#begin_drawing} or
{RenderTexture#draw}

### #end_texture_mode

This has been removed in favour of {RenderTexture#end_drawing} or
{RenderTexture#draw}

### #begin_shader_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Shader#begin_drawing} or {Shader#draw}

### #end_shader_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Shader#end_drawing} or {Shader#draw}

### #take_screenshot

This has been removed in favour of {Window.screenshot}

### #set_target_fps

This has been removed in favour of {Window.target_frame_rate=}

### #get_fps

This has been removed in favour of {Window.frame_rate}

### #get_frame_time

This has been removed in favour of {Window.frame_time}

### #get_time

This has been removed in favour of {Window.seconds_open}

### #draw_fps

This has been removed in favour of {Window.draw_frame_rate}

### #set_trace_log_level

This has been removed in favour of {Logging.level=}

### #open_url

This has been removed in favour of {Browser.open}

### #set_clipboard_text

This has been removed in favour of {Clipboard.text=}

### #get_clipboard_text

This has been removed in favour of {Clipboard.text}

### #set_main_loop

This has been removed in favour of {Browser.main_loop=}

### #cancel_main_loop

This has been removed in favour of {Browser.cancel_main_loop}

### #get_attribute_from_element

This has been removed in favour of {Browser.attribute_from_element}

### #begin_blend_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Window.begin_blending} or {Window.blend}

### #end_blend_mode

This has been removed in favour of {Window.end_blending} or {Window.blend}
